README: Add documentation on downloads and release cycle (#16087)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: README.md

* Sigfox
* LoRaWAN

> ## GETTING RIOT

Reviewer: Wouldn't "Getting RIOT" a part of how to Get Started?

Author: "Getting started" in this file is basically just a collection of links to the real documentation, so this did not seem fitting to me. Unless you are asking to add this to the main page of the documentation.

Reviewer: I mean the "Getting Started" section. Seems a bit short, and getting the code is part of getting started to me

Author: It links to more detailed guides. I have doubts, the links get drowned in the information provided here if it is not its own section.

Reviewer: Ok

The most convenient way to get RIOT is to clone it via Git

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT
```

this will ensure that you get all the newest features and bug fixes with the
caveat of an ever changing work environment.

If you prefer things more stable, RIOT provides a quarter annual release cycle.
The source code for the releases resulting from that cycle you can download [via
Github][releases] as ZIP file or tarball. You can also checkout a release using

```console
$ git checkout <YYYY.MM>
```

> in Git, when `<YYYY.MM>` is replaced with the release name.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
in Git, where `<YYYY.MM>` is the release name.
```
